73132 Dashboard introduction (#407)
valtimo-platform/valtimo-documentation: introduction/modules/modules.md

selectboxes or radiobuttons). Some security features used to control access to any Valtimo endpoints are also part of 
this module.

### Dashboards

> Dashboards can provide the user with statistical information. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dashboards give users quick insight into the current state of the application. Usually by giving the user statistical information about cases and processes.
```
